---
permalink: /en/privacy-policies/index.html
layout: plain-text.njk
tags: privacyPolicies

title: "Privacy Policies"

metaImage: ""
metaDescription: "Privacy Policies"
---

# Privacy Policies

The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g. name, address or email address) is collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent. We would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating by email) can have security gaps. It is not possible to completely protect data from access by third parties. We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation for sending unsolicited advertising and information material. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam emails.


### Privacy policy for the use of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and that enable an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if this is required by law or if third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Under no circumstances will Google link your IP address with other Google Inc. data.

You can prevent the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.

### Privacy Policy for the use of Twitter

Functions of the Twitter service are integrated on our sites. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. By using Twitter and the “Re-Tweet” function, the websites you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter.

We would like to point out that, as the provider of the website, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Twitter. For more information, see Twitter’s privacy policy at http://twitter.com/privacy.

You can change your data protection settings on Twitter in the account settings at http://twitter.com/account/settings.
